She hadn’t always been like this.

She hadn’t always been slippery and secretive.

She hadn’t always been a risk-taker. The reason she was now was because of a boy. A scrawny boy of fifteen. 

She had met him ten years ago. One spring day, she had decided that instead of going straight home after coffee, taking the right of the fork, she would take the other branch of the road. She wanted to see where it went.

It lead her first to a dirt road, and then to a small shack with peeling paint and siding that was becoming flooring. The shack had pools of stagnant water around its base, but the road still went right up to it. The dirt part of the road could’ve been its driveway, in fact. After a few seconds, a boy emerged from the back of the structure. She noticed him, and decided he looked interesting, so she started talking to him. Through her conversation, she learned that he lived in the shack, and so she suggested that he fix it up.

At first, he brushed off the suggestion. But soon she managed to convince him, and handed him some money to buy the materials needed.

A week later, she took the side branch again, and arrived to him working at a table with nails, screws, and wood. He seemed to be making the railing for a front porch.

"Hey," she said, as she shifted into park in her light blue convertable. “How’s it going?"

He turned away from his work, greeted her, and then said, “It’s going well. I started on a porch."

"Keep it up." She was silent for a moment. She didn’t have anything else to say, and actually had to leave. “Listen, I have to help my dad with a presentation, but I’ll be back tomorrow, okay?" She unparked and made a U-turn in the driveway. “See you then."

He nodded and went back to the railing, and she drove away.

On the way back to the fork, she saw a small, black BMW with tinted windows driving the other way. She briefly wondered what it was doing, but was now in a hurry, as her dad did not tolerate lateness. So she quickly forgot the encounter and hurried home.

Next day, April showers were clearly on the horizon. The sky was blanketed with clouds and the air was incredibly muggy. She wanted to visit the boy anyway, as she had said she would, even though he probably wouldn’t be out in this weather.

She was confused when she got in eyeshot of the house. She eased up to its remains, it had been torched. Left was a smoldering heap of debris, left where the house had stood.

Behind the rubble sat a propane burner on top of an unburnt piece of paper, but she didn’t notice that. Instead, she stared at the charred bones of the structure until she became too restive and drove away.

She didn’t understand what had happened. In the months to come, she would visit the house every once in a while just to stare, but after that first visit, the propane burner and paper were gone, and the standing water that was actually a creek retook the area as the rains came, but that only made the area look more like a scar.

This remnant of a good thing changed her through her visits. She began to see the world as something less than perfect. It was something that could take an interesting, exciting, great future from her, and replace it with risk and realism and rawness. She was no longer the innocent rich girl she had once been.

The last time she visited the leftovers, she had told her dad that she was going off to college. But really, she needed a change. She needed to know where the world would push her, take her. So she travelled for a few days across the states and ended up meeting the right people. The people who would be the next iteration of her life.

Here she is in the present, ten years from the boy, and nine from her last visit to the house, hotwiring a car. She wants to remain unconnected to the case for as long as possible if something goes wrong with the upcoming drug deal. She has an experimental testing device, and will be on her way to Kolbly Lane in Uccello, Italy to test the area in a few minutes. 

Informants of her colleagues think it’s highly likely that the specific drug cartel that they’re targetting is situated there. She isn’t going there to get the people creating the drugs arrested. She needs to get to Kolbly to acquire some of their experimental drug, because Carlos thinks that he will be able to use it… for explosives. Not terroristic explosives, explosives for use in rocket fuel. Anyway.

The drug gives off a unique, harmless, carbon-based chemical. Unfortunately, up to this point, the team had not been able to get their hands on the chemical or the drug, so the testing device had an approximation of the chemical structure for use in the alert system. It was uncertain that the device would work, but she was ready to find the sellers with or without it.

Carlos had supposedly called ahead for her so that the producers could have the order ready when she got there, but knowing him, she was ready to inform them that she indeed wanted the drug. And had the money to pay for it.

She drove into the town, it was smaller than she thought it would be. She found Kolbly Lane rather quickly, and as soon as she turned onto the street, a red LED lit up on the device. She stopped the car, grabbed the device, and stepped onto the narrow street. There was one building halfway down the road, the only one she could see. It was brick and centuries old. It had an abandoned feel, and she thought it might be the last remnant of an industrial area. She approached it cautiously after having checked for anything suspicious in the vicinity. She reached the door and knocked, there was no answer. She knocked again, the LED was still lit. After a minute, a kid in his twenties answered. "Cosa ti piacerebbe?"

She didn’t understand him, but she figured he understood some french, and could possibly speak English. The informant had said that that was likely. And Carlos hadn’t mentioned any difficulty placing the order, but that didn’t nessecarily mean anything. She recalled her high school learning. "Je ne comprends pas l’italien. Je parle l’anglais. Tu comprends?" 

"Ah, yes, I can speak the English. What would you like?"

She lowered her voice. “I was told I could buy drugs here. I have an order under the name of Carlos Gross Jones." She pulled a manila envelope out of her jacket, filled with 100,000 american dollars, and flashed the contents at him. 

He recognised the name and currency, and said, “Come in." He opened the door wider, and she was suprised to see that the interior of the building was done up like a normal home, or at least it was where she could see. 

"One moment. I will be back." He said. He left the room, and returned shortly with a cardboard box. He placed it on the ground and opened it, and then gave her a packet of the drug that was wrapped in cellophane. She took it from him and examined it, even though she had no idea what it was supposed to look like. It was crystaline and clear. She couldn’t see anything blatantly wrong with the package, so she handed over the envelope and took the box. After a brief urge to say “thank you," she nodded at him and left.

Now was the fun part. Now she got to buy chocolates.